Trad/management (#46)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/management/documents.rst

Documents
=========

Documents management in GLPI allows to store digital documents or web links sorted under different headings.

A document is described by a **name** and an **comment** and can be associated to a **heading**.

The file corresponding to the document can be added in several ways:

* From local disk;
* Using a web link pointing to a document (image, HTML page, PDF...);
* Using a file previously transferred with FTP to sub-folder */files/_uploads/* of GLPI installation

A MIME type can also be given.

.. note::

>    * Document types authorized in GLPI according to their extension are defined in **Configuration** > **Drop-downs** > **Management** > **Document types**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Document types authorized in GLPI according to their extension are defined in **Setup** > **Dropdowns** > **Management** > **Document types**
```
